As prescribed in the Syllabus

1. Find the sum of two sparse polynomials using arrays
2. Find the transpose of a sparse matrix and sum of two sparse matrices.
3. Convert infix expression to postfix (or prefix) and then evaluate using stack,
4. Implement Queue, DEQUEUE, and Circular Queue using arrays.
5. Implement backward and forward navigation of visited web pages in a web browser (i.e.
back and forward buttons) using doubly linked list operations.
6. Implement addition and multiplication of polynomials using singly linked lists.
7. Create a binary tree for a given simple arithmetic expression and find the prefix / postfix
equivalent.
8. Implement a dictionary of word-meaning pairs using binary search trees.
9. Find the shortest distance of every cell from a landmine inside a maze.
10. We have three containers whose sizes are 10 litres, 7 litres, and 4 litres, respectively. The
7-litre and 4-litre containers start out full of water, but the 10-litre container is initially
empty. We are allowed one type of operation: pouring the contents of one container into
another, stopping only when the source container is empty or the destination container is
full. We want to know if there is a sequence of pourings that leaves exactly 2 litres in the 7 or 4-litre container. Model this as a graph problem and solve.
11. Implement the find and replace feature in a text editor.
12. Given an array of sorted items, implement an efficient algorithm to search for specific
item in the array.
13. Implement Bubble sort, Insertion Sort, Radix sort, Quick Sort, and Merge Sort and
compare the number of steps involved.
14. The General post office wishes to give preferential treatment to its customers. They have
identified the customer categories as Defence personnel, Differently abled, Senior citizen,
Ordinary. The customers are to be given preference in the decreasing order - Differently
abled, Senior citizen, Defence personnel, Normal person. Generate the possible sequence
of completion.
15. Implement a spell checker using a hash table to store a dictionary of words for fast
lookup. Implement functions to check if a word is valid and to suggest corrections for
misspelled words.
16. Simulation of a basic memory allocator and garbage collector using doubly linked list
17. The CSE dept is organizing a tech fest with so many exciting events. By participating
in an event, you can claim for activity points as stipulated by KTU. Each event i gives
you A[i] activity points where A is an array. If you are not allowed to participate in more
than k events, what’s the max number of points that you can earn?
18. Merge K sorted lists into a single sorted list using a heap. Use a min-heap to keep track of
the smallest element from each list. Repeatedly extract the smallest element and insert the
next element from the corresponding list into the heap until all lists are merged. 